Here I am with Goldeneye reloaded or
should I just say gold mine take place
in some weird universe is like a remake
of Goldeneye upset in modern day with
Daniel Craig but also still Sean Bean
Bonhams wrote put this get on yeah oh
this is gonna get gruesome yep boom what
is this game ready you see ah ah what's
up Oh who's driving this car Sean Bean
oh wait hey I think I think it's Sean
Bean why is he gonna talk about photo
shoot all right James around your own I
gotta go get a chalupa see you like are
you he set me up
zombie semi obviously I forgot to put on
the lettuce here we go what annual
shooter franchise does this remind you
of Goldeneye right it does pay some
respects to the n64 one in that all you
had to do is pretty much aim in the
general direction of the bad guys and
they would just get shot Oh busted
oh yeah and you walk with a parachute
well watch this ain't gonna be a
parachute in there it's gonna be a bomb
watch this
here we go classic bond there you go
take it take it
Oh a bone what this opens up a stupid
man this game is rated EC
those intervals uncle Donna
Albemarle's Daniel Craig and flamingo
James mine golden Steinmetz
[Music]
oh crap
ah no no now it's gonna be a big juice
fight like I seen him right on the
bathroom fight it's gonna be gigantic
he's gonna piss over our guns and
shooting Wow
ever hear call duty wait a minute wait a
minute this is a fighting game this is
revolutionary Oh watch out dopers this
is where the James Brown goes get away
Dumbo
you wanted my side jump this get pushed
out of the thing blue hat watch out for
his flat team Dumbo just kind of shakes
that way terrorist what's the code -
hallo what's the plane where's Alfred
yes or am i what if his head is made out
of invincible why was he so easily
intimidated oh no that guy Sean Bean
he's gonna shoot him if I don't if I
don't get my gun over they're gonna
Shushan beam but if you've seen Sean
beans movies you know that Sean Bean
always dies
so if Sean Bean doesn't die then reality
itself will collapse on everything
everybody will die so Sean Bean has
today I think so don't don't give him
the gun no no no no no no no oh crap
no no somebody's gonna live no oh wait
Oh perfect
all right I saved the day
yeah what are you gonna do okay I got a
phone call from the green and red circle
they're just gonna have to wait I got to
get shot real quick oh hey I got a fuck
I'm gonna take this call actually I
spray stirs I don't have time for this
posters I'm in the middle of an
explosion